you want to do
something with your
life and I get it
But I want these
Words to haunt you
don't Seek to change
the world unless you
Seek it like a man
whose head is on
fire seeks A
pond because change
is hard change is
demanding  and If You
really want to have
impact on a global
scale the only I can
prom you to force
you
to you are the
things that you know
to do now the skills
that you have Now
the capabilities
that you possess now
have already taken
you As far  as they
going to take you
and AS nichi said he
who has a y to live
can bear Almost
anyhow If you
haven't read the
book man search for
meaning by victor
frankel Somebody who
survived five
different
concentration camps
who looked at his
fellow man and could
predict within 3
days when someone
would die and why
did they die because
they gave up and in
the book he Makes it
abundantly clear
that people give up
because they can't
find a meaning for
their suffering They
don't know why they
going through  what
they going through
There's nothing
bigger than
themselves they
Haven found a way to
connect to that
thing to give it
meaning to give it
power to let it
actually become
their superpower and
so people in [ __ ]
auschwitz were able
to survive the atr
UN anything human
being  ever have to
How did they do it
because they knew
what they wanted
they knew what They
were trying to
create they knew
what They were
trying to become
trying to bring to
the world that their
suffering had
purpose so If You
really want to
change the world and
You really want to
see something happen
and you're willing
to look in at
yourself and figure
out the bones that
you will have to
Break and reshape to
get you to be the
person that you will
need to become in
order to  Execute on
your Master plan and
that fuing fire is
in your belly and
nothing that
go for AS JJ
wat success is not
owned It's least and
rent is DU every day
you don't change the
world and then it
sits in some static
new amazing form
where Everybody is
gna sit back and
applaud you you
change the world and
it resists You you
it fights back that
is a truth of the
universe that you
will never be able
to combat IF YOU
that
and you know your
why then you  can do
something but you
got to be able to
stare naked at your
inade and understand
that that change is
going to have to be
something that comes
from within and
something that you
do and push out Into
The World until
fin
and superi
[Music]
will